kms: added Azure Key Vault as a supported KMS (#4455)
ceph/ceph-csi: docs/deploy-rbd.md

This Secret is expected to be created by the tenant/user in each namespace where
Ceph-CSI is used to create encrypted rbd volumes.

#### Configuring Azure key vault

Ceph-CSI can be configured to use
[Azure key vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/products/key-vault),
for encrypting RBD volumes.

There are a few settings that need to be included in the [KMS configuration
file](../examples/kms/vault/kms-config.yaml):

1. `KMS_PROVIDER`: should be set to `azure-kv`.
1. `AZURE_CERT_SECRET_NAME`: name of the Kubernetes Secret (in the Namespace where
   Ceph-CSI is deployed) which contains the credentials for communicating with
   Azure. This defaults to `ceph-csi-azure-credentials`.
1. `AZURE_VAULT_URL`: URL to access the Azure Key Vault service.
1. `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`: Client ID of the Azure application object (service principal)
   created in Azure Active Directory that serves as the username.
1. `AZURE_TENANT_ID`: Tenant ID of the service principal.

The [Secret with credentials](../examples/kms/vault/azure-credentials.yaml) for
the Azure KMS is expected to contain:

1. `CLIENT_CERT`: The client certificate used for authentication
   with Azure Key Vault.

> This Secret is expected to be created by the user in the Ceph-CSI
> namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Secret is expected to be created by the user in the namespace where Ceph-CSI
is deployed.
```

> This Secret is expected to be created by the tenant/user in each namespace where
> Ceph-CSI is used to create encrypted RBD volumes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Secret is expected to be created by the tenant/user in each namespace where
PVC's are created.
```
